# Project Scope and Procedure

#### The items can be changed, removed and can add new items. But the initial, designed featureset will be like this. 

1. The communication in this application will be facilitated through the Publisher/Subscriber approach. Messages produced by a publisher will be delivered to all relevant subscribers. Multiple messages can be transmitted at the same time, and multiple publishers can produce the same message that multiple subscribers can listen to.
2. Message transmissions will be provided over topics. Topic formations within the system will be dynamic. A topic list will not be given beforehand. When an unopened topic is entered into the system, a definition will be made for the relevant topic. A model will be created from the first request for a topic. If a request comes from the topic's model after the topic is created, the request will not be accepted.
3. Multiple brokers can operate simultaneously to perform the mentioned controls and directions and to provide scalability. The number of brokers can increase or decrease depending on the program's load. As the services that use the program may not be predetermined, and their connection to a broker may change at runtime, messages will be replicated to ensure data consistency among brokers. If a broker fails or stops working, service users from that broker can be transferred to other brokers or a new broker can be opened to provide fault tolerance.
4. To ensure the system's reliability, the transmitted messages must be immutable. Network failures, incorrect message transmissions during message sending, and service internal errors that may occur while processing messages among subscribers will be reported to the message-publishing service to maintain flow consistency.
5. The communication in this application will be facilitated through the Publisher/Subscriber approach. Messages produced by a publisher will be delivered to all relevant subscribers. Multiple messages can be transmitted at the same time, and multiple publishers can produce the same message that multiple subscribers can listen to.
6. Message transmissions will be provided over topics. Topic formations within the system will be dynamic. A topic list will not be given beforehand. When an unopened topic is entered into the system, a definition will be made for the relevant topic. A model will be created from the first request for a topic. If a request comes from the topic's model after the topic is created, the request will not be accepted.
7. Multiple brokers can operate simultaneously to perform the mentioned controls and directions and to provide scalability. The number of brokers can increase or decrease depending on the program's load. As the services that use the program may not be predetermined, and their connection to a broker may change at runtime, messages will be replicated to ensure data consistency among brokers. If a broker fails or stops working, service users from that broker can be transferred to other brokers or a new broker can be opened to provide fault tolerance.
8. To ensure the system's reliability, the transmitted messages must be immutable. Network failures, incorrect message transmissions during message sending, and service internal errors that may occur while processing messages among subscribers will be reported to the message-publishing service to maintain flow consistency.


